add PG troubleshoot link in installation troubleshooting doc (#1683)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: install/troubleshooting_installation.md

         * Protect RAID Configuration on Management Nodes

      See [Safeguards for CSM NCN Upgrades](safeguards_for_csm_ncn_upgrades.md)
   
   <a name="postgres_troubleshooting"></a>

   1. Postgres Troubleshooting

>       * Time-out on cray-sls-init-load during Install CSM Services due to postgres cluster in SyncFailed state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Timeout on `cray-sls-init-load` during Install CSM Services due to Postgres cluster in `SyncFailed` state
```
